[MUSIC]
Within Python, there are things called
leaps, or iteration.
And they behave in exactly the same thing.
It just means a way of getting nervous
when things constantly entail is no longer
true.
And the simplest one of these is called
the wild loop.
So the keyword is wild and then you
have the if statement, sort of expression
between that.
So if and A is less than 100.
[SOUND] And now, it's going to print A.
And what we're going to do here is we're
going to do A plus equals 1.
Now, what that does, is it adds 1, it
increments it by one each time, the loop
runs.
And say, if we should start this off with
A is equal to 0.
What we should have after we've finished
this, and what we do get is a
loop where 1, where A is equal to 0 all
the way through to 99.
Now the reason it doesn't go to 100 is
because it's less than 100.
If we did less than or equal to 100, then
it
would equal 100 by the time it gets to the
end.
So we'll go from 0 to 100, and this can be
done with any type of
operator as long as it fits the, idea that
something must be true for it to be ran.
So, after is gets to 100 it is no longer
true, it
is, it is equal to 100 and therefore it
doesn't execute anymore.
And so it will go down and do the next
line here,
what you're going to want to do it
[INAUDIBLE] this is finished.
And if we run this again, we'll get to the
end, and we get
this finished right at the very end, but
we don't get to anywhere else.
And that is because the next bit of code
does not run until the wild
loop has reached a point of which it no
longer considers it to be true.
Now the reason why this could be bad, is
if we had something where it no
longer actually made a difference, where
it didn't change, for example.
So if we missed off the plus here by
accident, we could
run this and we'd just get infinite loop
and it'd keep running constantly.
And visit stops with an x.
If you gots some beans which happens like
that, well it just constantly here an
imply.
You can see here I've got a huge list of
just
ones, because there is a problem with the
code try root.
I miss of the plus sing and therefore
created a sub of infinite loop, cuz it
always be less than a 100, 1 is less than
a 100, it always be true.
So you can always press the start button
there
to stop executing and check your code for
any problems.
You will notice that there was an error
appeared even though
it was an infinite loop which is something
you'd never want to
happen within your code because it will
simply just use up your
resources like your ramp so quickly, it
will just burn through it.
And so, you never want to have an infinite
loop.
However, it isn't considered an error
because the, syntax of it is
completely correct and there is nothing
wrong with how it was written.
It's just that it doesn't do what it
should do.
Cuz you should never end up with an
infinite loop.
So that's the while loop, and that is the
easiest
way of doing an iteration or a loop within
Python.
So thank you for watching and I'll see you
soon.
[MUSIC]